today's show is sponsored by expressvpn
get access to games TV shows and
websites all right
[Applause]
[Music]
we've already done guys mail we got mail
these are all the best to me what does
it me was because you always you always
tweak your emails Thanks Jefferson I'm
bum Jesus Burton koto UK all right read
these emails resolve the puzzle
oh where is it
yeah it's done what did you get that up
what's the code I'm said take a look at
the top boy we also sold [__] out of the
dock to be on the top these two or four
these are letters and this is just
doesn't work
okay but Jack we got the purple lock off
gentlemen the aah man was vile
this is one down we need to go through
the other was a clue and it opened I'm
gonna put it in there okay so this is
one guys there was a reason
[Music]
[Applause]
so there's this thing okay this ball
thing yeah should we just try those for
combination yeah liters to soak is it as
simple as just going money that's a ball
bow and that's not eight but that's just
pointing at the ones that I'm gonna go
to jaii for her Jesus Christ it's in the
emails so Jack we're so dumb as hell
what do you got
yeah yeah give it to us
no wait look at it oh there oh the front
of it doesn't matter all the numbers I
think if we use - and monies for skies
one yup here we go Sun is 8 and the sky
is 1 something divided by itself has to
be one that's how we know what gun is ok
so that is 1 this by this must be 1 ok
so gun is definitely one so your offline
is done equals mass which makes it seven
lucky seven
yes apparently we've got five numbers
though but there's only four not wheat
is to money score duck is eight Memphis
seven gun is one there's also a word
number we're coming yes probably we have
a look for the puzzle is like don't know
what that like these are unrelated
numbering systems yeah but there's only
one number law class today
there's only words there's a number in
words but this this we're not smart
we're not we're off track sky is what
one when is one a green is nine
he's got the word one man
we've already discussed it in
[Applause]
oh well then use the black like minute
so they check that [__] oh look that was
my counterfeit what
[Music]
let anybody up lie down here but I need
to see this this is counterfeit right
it's not know this is counterfeit as an
excellent good we got 40 seconds just
saying no we can still do this well what
is it
[Music]
[Applause]